A constant-head test fixes well drawdown and measures the time-varying
Unconfined pumping draws sequentially from elastic storage and delayed
No prior constant-head model combined unsaturated flow with leakage
A radial-vertical groundwater equation with skin-modified inner
Richards' equation with pressure-dependent conductivity and moisture
First-order equations on a fixed initial water table
Time-dependent layer equations represented in the Laplace domain
Laplace-Weber equations on a radial domain extending from the well
Transformed drawdown expressions for the unconfined aquifer
The radial drawdown gradient governing local screen flux
A screen-averaged well-face relation including the dimensionless skin
Time-domain response amplitudes retaining the Weber coordinate
Physical drawdown fields and dimensionless wellbore flowrate QD
Constant-head and constant-rate normalized-drawdown equivalence after
Time-dependent influence curves for aquifer unsaturated and
Linearized water-table simplification at alphaD equal to or greater
Infinite-thickness simplification at zeta u equal to or greater than
Negligible lower-layer leakage below kappa z of 0.01
Close saturated-zone agreement and a bounded unsaturated-zone
Five-parameter estimates whose predicted curves match the field data
Explicitly coupling unsaturated drainage and lower-layer leakage